---
title : FAQ-TWNIA2 | zh
tags: FAQ, ZH
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}


# TWCC FAQs | Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)

## Login
:::spoiler Q1. How to login to Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)?
:::info

Login using SSH connection with the login node of ln01.twcc.ai. Enter your supercomputer account and supercomputer password to finished the login. For detailed steps, see [<ins>this document<ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-zh/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-prerequisite-for-connection-zh) for more information.

:::

:::spoiler Q2. What is the available open source software for the SSH connection to TWCC's CCS, VCS and HPC?
:::info

Available open source software including MobaXterm, PuTTY, VSCode and etc.

:::

:::spoiler Q3. Failed to login recently, but able to login Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) half year ago?
:::info
The validity period of supercomputer password is 180 days. Changes on supercomputer password in [<ins>Member Center<i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) is required once overdue. The login will be successful once the password is changed.
:::


## Resources allocation and monitor


:::spoiler Q1. Does Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) able to perform computing across nodes?
:::info

Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) is able to obtain computing resources through [<ins>Slurm</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-en/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-slurm-intro-en) command and perform [<ins>High-speed computing across nodes</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-en/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twccdocs%2Fhowto-twnia2-run-parallel-job-container-en) to distribute high workloads equally and improve processing efficiency.

:::

:::spoiler Q2. The node will be given by the system automatically or need to obtain manually when using cross nodes computing?
:::info
You can use Slurm command to obtain nodes, see [<ins>this document</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-en/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-job-parameter-en) for more information.
:::

:::spoiler Q3. Why fault occurs when I try to obtain multiple CPU?
:::info
Please make sure the ratio of obtain is according to 1 GPU : 4 CPU : 90 GB Memory, e.g., the quantity of GPU need to be 8 in order to obtain 32 pieces of CPU.
:::



## Package software
:::spoiler Q1. How to deploy environment and run my program on Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)?
:::info
1. Conda: Using simple Conda command to finished the installation of package and switch to a specify virtual environment. Also using variety versions of Python may solve the compatibility problem of multiple versions. For more information, please refer to [<ins>this document<ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twccdocs%2Fhowto-twnia2-conda-manage-packages-submit-job-zh).
2. Singularity: By using Singularity to pack the packages and programs you need, you can create a container environment on Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) and deploy, move and share your packages rapidly. For more information, please refer to [<ins>this document<ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twccdocs%2Fhowto-twnia2-create-sglrt-container-zh).


:::

:::spoiler Q2. Can you help me install the packages?
:::info

You have the permission to install the package freely, please install it yourself according to your needs. In addition, we recommend that you use **Conda** or **Singularity** container management suite.

:::


:::spoiler Q3. What is the Slurm scheduling system?
:::info

Please refer to [<ins>this document</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-zh/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-slurm-intro-zh) for the detailed description of Slurm system architecture.
:::

:::spoiler Q4. Is it possible to install Rclone software synchronization tool on Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)?

:::info


Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) has the latest version of Rclone installed. You can use the `module load rclone` command to obtain the environment of Rclone. Rclone is written in Go language and can be used directly after unzipping on home directory.
:::

:::spoiler Q5. Does Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) support Nvidia's CUDA computing architecture?
:::info

Yes, all module information that can be loaded will be listed after execute the `module avail` command on Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI). You can use the `module load` command to select the required CUDA version.

:::

:::spoiler Q6. Why some packages can be used in Interactive container, but not in Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)? Don't the two share Hyper File System (HFS)?
:::info

The storage environment of the two is the same, but the computing environment is different:

- The computing environment of the Interactive container is built using the TWCC container image file.
- Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) requires users to deploy their own computing environment.
    <i class="fa fa-lightbulb-o fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Tip:** Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) may use the `module` command to load the required packages. See [<ins>this document</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-en/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-module-intro-en) for usage.
:::

## Data storage and transmitting
:::spoiler Q1. Found out the directory of /home/$USER is empty after login?
:::info
Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) storage space using Hyper File System.  The usage rights only belongs to you, the storage space will be empty if you never load any data.
:::

:::spoiler Q2. Will the file in Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) be deleted once the project expired?
:::info

The storage space used on Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) is Hyper File System. The storage space is bind by personal account, so the files will not be deleted along with the plan after the plan expired.

登入台灣杉二號使用的儲存空間為高速檔案系統，儲存空間是跟著個人帳號非計畫，因此計畫到期後檔案不會隨計畫刪除。

<i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Important:** **The system will regularly clean up the resources under the TWCC account that have not been used for a long time. Please be sure to back up your data regularly.**
:::

## Network security
:::spoiler Q1. What is the IP address of Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)?

:::info
203.145.219.98

:::


## Execution error
:::spoiler Q1. Occurs this error `QOSMaxSubmitJobPerUserLimit Error` when using Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI)?
:::info
This error message showed that you have submitted over 20 computing job (**gtest** is for experimental use Queue, only able to submit 5 jobs).

You are recommended to use the `squeue` command to check the job state and cancel the pending or running job using `scancel` command to reduce the quantity of the job if you occurs this problem. For more information on Queue and computing resources, see [<ins>this document</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-twnia2-main-en/%2F%40twccdocs%2Fguide-twnia2-queue-en).
:::
