---
tags: Guide, TWNIA2, EN
title: Module 概觀 | en
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# Module Overview

## Environmental Variable Management Tool


In the context of HPC, when compiling or executing applications, there are often complex tools or dependencies between libraries, so Module is often used as a tool for managing environment variables and convenient to switch environment variables between different tools.

After using Module, you can easily switch. There is no need to use `export` command to switch environment variables to use specific software packages, tool libraries, and no need to use `unset` to remove environment variables, only `module purge` command needed to completely cleared.
 
:::info

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/note-en %}

The most common tool for HPC to manage environmental variables is to use `modules` to manage, traditionally such as [<ins>Environment Modules</ins>](http://modules.sourceforge.net) used by Taiwania 1. [<ins>Lmod</ins>](https://lmod.readthedocs.io) is used in Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI). The usage of the two are the same, only the programming language practiced behind them is different.
::: 
 
## Module basic command 

- List available modules
 `module avail`
- List loaded modules
  `module list`
- View modules instruction
  `module whatis package1 package2 ...`
- Load specify modules
 `module load package1 package2 ...`
- Unload specify modules
  `module unload package1 package2 ...`
- Unload all modules
  `module purge`

:::warning

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/tip-en %}

You can use **`ml`** to replace the above `module` command. Here are a few ways to use them:

- List available modules
 `ml av`
- Load specify modules
 `ml package1 package2 ...`
- Remove specify modules
  `ml -package1 -package2 ...`

:::

## Module basic idea

- The hierarchical design is adopted. You must load a module before you can see the dependent modules at the next level to avoid matching the wrong dependent packages.
- For example, after `ml cuda/11.3`, you can see `openmpi4/4.1.1` which is dependent on `cuda/11.3` compilation; after loading `openmpi4/4.1.1`, you can see and `openmpi4/4.1.1` compile-dependent `fftw3/3.3.9`
- The above example can be used as follows:
```bash
# Unloading all module
ml purge
# Loading specify module
ml cuda/11.3 openmpi4/4.1.1 fftw3/3.3.9 
```
