TWNIA2/1. User Guides/9. Module 與可用軟體套件/5. NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc{7,8,9,10}.md, before:

---
tags: Guide, TWNIA2, EN
title: Modules-NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc | en
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc{7,8,9,10}

- NVIDIA HPC SDK inherits the features of PGI. Modify `localrc` to match the specified gcc version.
The built-in gcc of the operating system is 4.8.5, supports for `C++11` is relatively incomplete. If the program needs to support `C++11` and above, it is recommended to use a newer version of gcc to reduce compilation problems.
- The detailed support matrix can be viewed in the release note of the NVIDIA HPC SDK table.

## GCC10 with NVHPC 

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc10_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc10_localrc_20.7
```

## GCC9 with NVHPC 

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc9_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc9_localrc_20.7
```


## GCC8 with NVHPC

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc8_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc8_localrc_20.7
```

## GCC7 with NVHPC

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc7_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#Load above specify modules and used with the command below to take effect
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc7_localrc_20.7
```

Commit message:

Update 5. NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc{7,8,9,10}.md
Finished Revised.

TWNIA2/1. User Guides/9. Module 與可用軟體套件/5. NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc{7,8,9,10}.md, after:

---
tags: Guide, TWNIA2, EN
title: Modules-NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc | en
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# NVIDIA HPC SDK with gcc{7,8,9,10}

- NVIDIA HPC SDK inherits the features of PGI that modifying `localrc` can match the specific gcc version.
The built-in gcc of the operating system is 4.8.5, the supports for `C++11` is relatively incomplete.  If your program needs `C++11` or newer versions, it is recommended to use a newer version of gcc to reduce compilation problems.
- The detailed support matrix can be viewed in the release note of the NVIDIA HPC SDK.

## GCC10 with NVHPC 

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc10_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc10 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc10_localrc_20.7
```

## GCC9 with NVHPC 

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc9_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc9 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc9_localrc_20.7
```


## GCC8 with NVHPC

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc8_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc8 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc8_localrc_20.7
```

## GCC7 with NVHPC

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.7  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/21.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc7_localrc_21.7
```

| module name | usage              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| nvhpc/21.2  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/21.2 |
| nvhpc/20.9  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/20.9 |
| nvhpc/20.7  | ml gcc7 nvhpc/20.7 |

```bash
#It's available only when you load the specific module above and run the command below.
export NVLOCALRC=/work/HPC_SYS/nvidia/hpc_sdk/localrc_files/gcc7_localrc_20.7
```
