VCS/5. Chunks/2. 連線個體-vs code.md, before:

---
tags: Chunks
title: SSH-vscode | zh
---

若已有在使用 VScode 開發您的程式，也可以直接使用此軟體連線您的虛擬運算個體。VScode 支援多種平台，並有許多外掛軟體套件可使用，安裝方便，也相當適合新手。完整操作說明請參考[<ins>官方說明文件</ins>](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2019/10/03/remote-ssh-tips-and-tricks)。

### Step 1. 下載安裝 VScode

請至 [<ins>VScode</ins>](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) 下載，完成後開啟程式。

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_010a76dabe0d66c94562e776fe3b3a6a.png)

### Step 2. 安裝 SSH 套件

點選 「**Extensions**」 > 搜尋 *remote ssh* > 選擇 「**Remote- SSH**」 並點選 「**Install**」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_38c0c0011b900d9a5547a5f4487f4fce.png)

### Step 3. 建立 Config 檔

- 安裝完成後，點選視窗左下角圖示，開啟遠端連線指令列表

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ecaaf1c1f4a790161660b2a45020b607.png)

- 點選 「**Remote-SSH: Open Configuration File**」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2efbf5090bc128487b714ffe122ba037.png)

- 點選 「**C:\Users\User\.ssh\config**」 建立連線設定檔

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_a9e954c2165abc59b5be91f8d314112c.png)

- 請將鑰匙對 pem 檔案放置於`~/.ssh/` 資料夾之下

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_237f5babfff7d1265879f96d3262a60f.png)

- 打開 config 檔後，複製並貼上以下格式，填入一虛擬運算個體的資訊；若有多個個體，也可以複製貼上數份修改。輸入完成後請存檔。

```bash
Host <INSTANCE_NAME>           #輸入虛擬運算個體的名稱
    HostName <PUBLIC_IP>       #輸入公用 IP
    User <IMAGE_TYPE>          #輸入 ubuntu 或 centos
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/<.pem> #輸入.pem 檔鑰匙對名稱
```


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_871749523146661c11306b59bea27ce0.png)


### Step 4. 連線虛擬運算個體

- 再次開啟 VScode 左下角圖示 > 選擇 「**Remote-SSH: Connect to Host...**」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ce4b6b932674950fe3732f35fd2627a3.png)

- 開啟後會顯示已建立資訊的個體，點選後即開始連線

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ab2ee3bcc20dfba930e9666ea38e4911.png)

- 接著點選 「**Linux**」  

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_03d9ef5fc7818f3893301eced215414f.png)

- 點選 「**Continue**」 繼續

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_7647f858a45535cdeeb41552fd27d52f.png)

- 連線完成後視窗左下角會出現 **`SSH: <Host Name>`**

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_90ad691923b321838ea46f8e0304719c.png)

- 再開啟 「**Terminal**」 > 「**New Terminal**」 就可以開始操作虛擬運算個體囉！ 

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_719594c2f99eeca61a261800d4e0c511.png)

Commit message:

Update 2. 連線個體-vs code.md
Finished Translation

VCS/5. Chunks/2. 連線個體-vs code.md, after:

---
tags: Chunks
title: SSH-vscode | en
---

If you are already using VScode to develop your program, you may directly using this software to connect to your Virtual Compute Service(VCS) instance. VScode supports a variety of platforms, and there are many plug-in software packages available, easy to install, and quite suitable for novices. For complete instructions, please refer to [<ins>Official documentation</ins>](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2019/10/03/remote-ssh-tips-and-tricks).

### Step 1. Download and Install VScode

Please download [<ins>VScode</ins>](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) and open the application.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_010a76dabe0d66c94562e776fe3b3a6a.png)

### Step 2. Install SSH package


Click **Extensions** > search for *remote ssh* > select **Remote- SSH** and click **Install**.


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_38c0c0011b900d9a5547a5f4487f4fce.png)

### Step 3. Create Config file

- After the installation is complete, click the icon in the lower left corner of the window to open the remote connection command list.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ecaaf1c1f4a790161660b2a45020b607.png)

- Click **Remote-SSH: Open Configuration File**.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2efbf5090bc128487b714ffe122ba037.png)

- Click **C:\Users\User\.ssh\config** to create a connection profile

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_a9e954c2165abc59b5be91f8d314112c.png)

- Please place the key pair pem file under the `~/.ssh/` folder
==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_237f5babfff7d1265879f96d3262a60f.png)

- After opening the config file, copy and paste the following format, and fill in the information of a VCS instance; if there are multiple instance, you may also copy and paste several modifications. Please archive after input.

```bash
Host <INSTANCE_NAME>           #Enter the name of the VCS instance
    HostName <PUBLIC_IP>       #Enter Public IP
    User <IMAGE_TYPE>          #Enter ubuntu or centos
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/<.pem> #Enter .pem key pair name
```


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_871749523146661c11306b59bea27ce0.png)


### Step 4. Connect to VCS instance

- Open the VScode icon in the lower left corner > select **Remote-SSH: Connect to Host...**.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ce4b6b932674950fe3732f35fd2627a3.png)

- It will show the information of the instance that have created, click to start the connection

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ab2ee3bcc20dfba930e9666ea38e4911.png)

- Then click **Linux**.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_03d9ef5fc7818f3893301eced215414f.png)

- Click **Continue** 

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_7647f858a45535cdeeb41552fd27d52f.png)

- After the connection is complete, **`SSH: <Host Name>`** will appear in the lower left corner of the window

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_90ad691923b321838ea46f8e0304719c.png)

- Then open **Terminal** > **New Terminal** to start operating the VCS instance!

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_719594c2f99eeca61a261800d4e0c511.png)
