VCS/1. User Guides/6 連線 Windows 個體：本機為 Windows.md, before:

---
tags: Guide, VCS, TW
title: 連線 Windows：本機為 Windows | zh
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-zh %}


# 連線 Windows 個體：本機為 Windows

完成[準備工作、取得連線資訊](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/vcs-guide-connect-prerequisite-zh)後，請參考以下方式連線進入 Windows 個體 (本機為 Windows) 。

:::info
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/note-zh %}
請注意個體的狀態需為 **`Ready`** 才可連線使用。
:::

:::danger
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/important-zh %}
1. 因資安事件頻傳，如果您的連線來自以下這些國家，我們將關閉您使用遠端連線至 Windows 個體的功能 (連接埠：9833)：中國、德國、法國、韓國、荷蘭、波蘭、俄國若需連線 TWCC Windows 個體，請您與客服聯絡。
2. 若您修改網路卡設定，將會導致無法連線進入虛擬運算個體，因此我們強烈不建議您更動網卡設定，請您操作與部署時特別留意。
:::

## 連線方式


- **Step 1.** 開啟 「**遠端桌面連線**」程式 (Windows 系統已有內建，或至 Microsoft 官方網頁搜尋下載)

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_466c89194d84a1226aa9ab41b5eeccda.png)


- **Step 2.** 輸入此個體之公用 IP、Port 與使用者名稱，接著點擊「**連線**」
    
:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **附註：** 公用 IP 之後需加上 Port 號`: 9833`，例如：203.145.123.1`:9833`
:::

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_aef2d446246e4303d61002b597569081.png)


- **Step 3.** 輸入密碼即連線成功

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_f92a67b5fd65e5ea4b52d6d54fc6d34b.png)

:::info
帳號：administrator
密碼：使用者自行定義之個體密碼
:::

Commit message:

Update 6 連線 Windows 個體：本機為 Windows.md
Finished translation

VCS/1. User Guides/6 連線 Windows 個體：本機為 Windows.md, after:

---
tags: Guide, VCS, TW
title: 連線 Windows：本機為 Windows | en
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}


# Connect to Windows instance: localhost as Windows

After finished [Preparation and Obtain connection information](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/vcs-guide-connect-prerequisite-en), please refer to the following method to connect to the Windows instance ( localhost as Windows).

:::info
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/note-en %}
Please note that the status of the instance must be **`Ready`** before it can be used online.
:::

:::danger
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/important-en %}
1. Due to frequent information security incidents, if your connection comes from the following countries, we will disable your remote connection to Windows instance (port: 9833): China, Germany, France, South Korea, Netherlands, Poland, Russia. If you need to connect to TWCC Windows instance, please contact customer service.
2. If you modify the network interface card settings, you will not be able to connect to the Virtual Compute Service(VCS) instance. Therefore, we strongly recommend you to not change the network interface card settings. Please pay more attention during your operation and deployment.
:::

## Connection method


- **Step 1.** Open the **Remote Desktop Connection** program ( built-in Windows operating system, or download from the official Microsoft webpage)

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_684a5e256e0fa4a4941d16eec10433e6.png)


- **Step 2.** Enter the public IP address , Port and user name of the instance, and then click "**Connect**"
    
:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note:** After public IP address need to add on the port number`: 9833`,  example like: 203.145.222.23`:9833`
:::
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_b1373c3c43427837667e57a967250fc0.png)

- **Step 3.** Enter the password and the connection is successful

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_85a08f020c91828bcd92f5d2800af23a.png)

:::info
Account: administrator
Password: User-defined VCS instance password
:::
