VCS/1. User Guides/8. 啟用 Windows.md, before:

---
tags: Guide, VCS, TW
title: 啟用 Windows | zh
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-zh %}

# 啟用 Windows

Windows 虛擬運算個體建立完成後，需使用您已擁有的授權自行啟用 Windows，以下提供兩種啟用的方法：

## 使用數位授權啟用

數位授權 (Windows 10 版本 1511 中稱為數位權利) 是不需要輸入產品金鑰即可啟用 Windows 10 的方式。數位授權已關聯至硬體且連結至 Microsoft 帳戶，因此您不需要在電腦上尋找任何項目。請將電腦連線至網際網路，再登入您已具備數位授權的 Microsoft 帳戶，便完成啟用。

## 使用產品金鑰啟用

輸入您擁有的產品金鑰，請選取 [開始] 按鈕，然後選取 [更新與安全性] > [啟用] > [更新產品金鑰] > [變更產品金鑰]。

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_c651b64dfdca922ea33c06665ea7ea6a.png)


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_82c4ca56262d66163161e1c217f1fe4e.png)


:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **附註：** 更多資訊，請參考[<ins>啟用 Windows 10</ins>](https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/12440/windows-10-activate)。
:::

Commit message:

Update 8. 啟用 Windows.md
Finished Translation

VCS/1. User Guides/8. 啟用 Windows.md, after:

---
tags: Guide, VCS, TW
title: 啟用 Windows | en
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# Activate Windows

After the Windows Virtual Compute Service(VCS) instance is created, you need to activate Windows yourself. The following two methods are provided:

## Activate using a digital license


Digital license (called a digital entitlement in Windows 10, Version 1511) is a method of activation in Windows 10 that doesn't require you to enter a product key. Digital licenses are associated with your hardware and linked to your Microsoft account, so there's nothing you need to find on your PC. You're all set once your PC is connected to the internet and you log in to your Microsoft account. 


## Activate using a product key


During installation, you'll be prompted to enter a product key.  Or, after installation, to enter the product key, select the 開始(Start)  button, and then select 設定(Settings)  > 更新與安全性(Update & Security)  > 啟用(Activation)  > 更新產品金鑰(Update product key) > 變更產品金鑰(Change product key).

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_a5226ee497a6433a005a9238b166e516.png)

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_7e862040f79e7d2be2c69c4afcbbb4a4.png)



:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note: ** See [<ins>Activate Windows 10</ins>](https://support.microsoft.com/zh-tw/help/12440/windows-10-activate) for more information.

==**Link Need to update:exclamation:**==
maybe change be change to 
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/activate-windows-c39005d4-95ee-b91e-b399-2820fda32227

:::
