Account & Project/1. User guides/1. 註冊帳號.md, before:

---
title: 註冊 TWCC 帳號 | zh
tags: Guide, Service, ZH
GA: UA-155999456-1
---
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-zh %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

:::warning
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> 若您的 [<ins>Service 會員服務系統 <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh)不適用以下畫面或流程，請 <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> [<ins>點擊此連結</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/doc-mber-pjct-blng-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twsdocs%2Fguide-service-signup-zh) 參考操作說明。
:::

# 註冊 TWCC 帳號


## Step 1. 開始註冊

- 至 [TWCC](https://www.twcc.ai/)，點選右上角 「註冊」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_8bdb3ed72fc801e541102e7289f3c31f.png)



## Step 2. 閱讀個資及權利義務聲明

- 頁面跳轉至 Service 會員服務系統，請閱讀個資及權利義務聲明，並下拉頁面，點選「我同意」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_924fa2b6d02f0971ce538bb3f908ee58.png)



## Step 3. 填寫會員基本資料

- 設定平台帳號密碼、填寫基本資料

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_826df79367dbffa88ad98b836a7965d5.png)



- 設定主機帳號密碼

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_e1a235413742407674b8d3ef9a5b0138.png)



## Step 4. E-mail、手機號碼認證

- 收取 e-mail 認證信箱、收取簡訊認證手機號碼，即完成註冊！

:::info
:bulb: 相關文件：[<ins>更改會員資料</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-update-your-info-zh)、[<ins>重置使用者網站密碼</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-reset-portal-pwd-zh)。
:::


:::danger
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/important-zh %}
請洽客服人員了解免費試用計畫的適用範圍：
- Email: iservice@twcc.ai
- Toll free: 0809-091-365

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_3963cfe2fe5a4a316d5ff2dd795c793f.png)
:::

Commit message:

Update 1. 註冊帳號.md
first draft
having some problem that needs to ask
1. the picture cannot be uploaded
2. when filling the personal information, the job title "小學生" is not in English
3. 驗證 should be "verification" or "authentication"

Account & Project/1. User guides/1. 註冊帳號.md, after:

---
title: 註冊 TWCC 帳號 | en
tags: Guide, Service, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

:::warning
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> If your [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) not applicable for the footage or process below, please refer to this <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> [<ins>link</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/doc-mber-pjct-blng-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twsdocs%2Fguide-service-signup-zh) for manual instructions.
:::

# Sign up TWCC account


## Step 1. Begin

- To [TWCC](https://www.twcc.ai/), click "Sign up" in the upper right corner

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_8bdb3ed72fc801e541102e7289f3c31f.png)


## Step 2. Read the statement of personal information and rights and obligations

- The page will jump to the Member, please read the personal information and rights and obligations statement, scroll down the page, and click "I agree"

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_924fa2b6d02f0971ce538bb3f908ee58.png)



## Step 3. Fill in basic information

- Setup platform account password, fill in basic information

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_826df79367dbffa88ad98b836a7965d5.png)



- Setup supercomputer account password

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_e1a235413742407674b8d3ef9a5b0138.png)



## Step 4. E-mail、Mobile phone number authentication

- Receive e-mail authentication letter、SMS verification mobile phone number to complete the registration !

:::info
:bulb: Related documents：[<ins>Update member data</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-update-your-info-en)、[<ins>Reset user password</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-reset-portal-pwd-en)。
:::


:::danger
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/important-en %}
Please contact customer service staff to understand the scope of the free trial program:
- Email: iservice@twcc.ai
- Toll free: 0809-091-365

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_3963cfe2fe5a4a316d5ff2dd795c793f.png)
:::
