Account & Project/1. User guides/10. 管理計畫成員.md, before:

---
title: 管理計畫成員 | zh
tags: Guide, Service, ZH
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-zh %}

:::warning
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> 若您的 [<ins>Service 會員服務系統 <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh)不適用以下畫面或流程，請 <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> [<ins>點擊此連結</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/doc-mber-pjct-blng-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twsdocs%2Fguide-service-manage-project-team-zh) 參考操作說明。
:::

# 管理計畫成員

:::info

- 使用 TWCC 服務前請確認您已至 Service 會員服務系統申請計畫或已屬於某計畫內的成員，參考[申請使用計畫](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/apply-project-and-credit-zh)、[確認已有可用計畫](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-project-availability-zh)
- 僅計畫主持人（建立者）」、「計畫管理員」有權限管理計畫成員
:::

## Step 1. 計畫細節頁面


- 登入 [TWCC](https://new.twcc.ai/) 後，點選右上角使用者名稱，再點選「帳戶計畫資訊」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_7f9a7093315e1fed9252d3d6473b7789.png)



- 進入 Service 會員服務系統後，<span>&#10102;</span> 點選「會員中心」:arrow_right: <span>&#10103;</span>「計畫管理」 :arrow_right: <span>&#10104;</span>「我的計畫 」:arrow_right: <span>&#10105;</span> 點選計畫


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_9da542a85f1420513765ff51246dfe91.png)




## Step 2. 管理計畫成員

- 至計畫細節頁面，點選「計畫成員」，再點選「編輯」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_053f8d8f5d831dab570c9b62a686427e.png)


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_6202fa7e5b4d19a0d8b23724ea070fda.png)




-  <span>&#10102;</span> 計畫主持人（建立者）或管理員點選上方的「＋」圖示，可以新增成員
-  <span>&#10103;</span> 點選動作按鈕可以檢視成員資料、改變成員身份：設為管理員/一般成員、刪除成員

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_db80e6cf3ee846d39cdca06668beae11.png)

Commit message:

Update 10. 管理計畫成員.md
first draft
not done yet

Account & Project/1. User guides/10. 管理計畫成員.md, after:

---
title: 管理計畫成員 | en
tags: Guide, Service, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

:::warning
==Need to update:exclamation:==
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> If your <ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins> not applicable for the footage or process below, please refer to this <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> <ins>link</ins> for manual instructions.
:::

# Management project members

:::info

- Before using the TWCC service, please make sure that you have applied for a project in the Member Center or have belonged to a member of a project, refer to [Apply project](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/apply-project-and-credit-zh)、[Check available project](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-service-project-availability-zh)
- Only the project host (creator)" and "project 	administrator" have the authority to manage project members
:::

## Step 1. Project details page


- After sign in [TWCC](https://new.twcc.ai/), click the user name in the upper right corner, and then click "Account & Project"
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_8d0a46efffba7e4fdbed91cb51b6a21b.png)



- After entering member center,<span>&#10102;</span> click「Member Center」:arrow_right: <span>&#10103;</span>「Projects」 :arrow_right: <span>&#10104;</span>「My Projects 」:arrow_right: <span>&#10105;</span> click project

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_4eeb394c655aefef88488f8c3b1f5ae9.png)




## Step 2. Manage projects members

- 至計畫細節頁面，點選「Project Member」，再點選「編輯」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_053f8d8f5d831dab570c9b62a686427e.png)


![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_6202fa7e5b4d19a0d8b23724ea070fda.png)




-  <span>&#10102;</span> 計畫主持人（建立者）或管理員點選上方的「＋」圖示，可以新增成員
-  <span>&#10103;</span> 點選動作按鈕可以檢視成員資料、改變成員身份：設為管理員/一般成員、刪除成員

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_db80e6cf3ee846d39cdca06668beae11.png)
