Account & Project/1. User guides/2. 進入會員系統.md, before:

---
title: HowTo：進入 Service 會員系統 | en
tags: HowTo, Service, EN
GA: 
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}


# HowTo：enter member center？

Member center is a system for unified management of the projects, members, quotas, resource usage, and accounting that you use in TWCC.

Access methods are differentiated by users, please refer to the following steps:


<!-- 1 start -->

<details class="docspoiler">

<summary><b>國網學研界用戶</b></summary>

### Method 1： TWCC 

- Step 1. Sign in TWCC

    - Go to the TWCC portal and click to sign in

    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_16650bd5b61cd8aefe5d0ab1c9bfed54.png)

    - select「**國網學研用戶**」portal, enter your account password to login

    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2f4b809434719e28fd359695264cf884.png)


- Step 2. Enter iService member center

    click the upper right corner 「**Username**」, continue by click 「**Account & Project**」，to enter member center。

    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_736ef9e82bf6e8e8df308925e0e4f432.png)

### Method 2：

Directly sign in via [iService](https://iservice.nchc.org.tw/nchc_service/index.php?lang_type=) to enter member center.

</details>

<!-- Space -->

<div style="height:8px"></div>

<!-- 2. start -->

<details class="docspoiler">

<summary><b>TWS user</b></summary>

<br>

Enter TWS，click 「**Member Center**」、enter passcode, you can view related information such as projects and accouting.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_300f633fda231c709a7d78b299ea53ce.png)

or after your login, click「**Username**」or「**Member Center**」to enter member center。

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_25d8669308923bf8bcfcb343307b5baf.png)



<br>

Commit message:

Update 2. 進入會員系統.md
Final
update photo
few having some problem already added comments into it. (==**Need to update:exclamation:**==)

Account & Project/1. User guides/2. 進入會員系統.md, after:

---
title: HowTo：進入 Service 會員系統 | en
tags: HowTo, Service, EN
GA: 
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}


# HowTo：enter member center？

Member center is a system for unified management of the projects, members, quotas, resource usage, and accounting that you use in TWCC.

Access methods are differentiated by users, please refer to the following steps:


<!-- 1 start -->

<details class="docspoiler">

<summary><b>NCHC users in academic and research circles</b></summary>

### Method 1： TWCC 

- Step 1. Sign in TWCC

    - Go to the TWCC portal and click to sign in
    
    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_cd9b6df79c2209ff5fbe7a48b14ffaa4.png)

    - select「**國網學研用戶(NCHC users in academic and research circles)**」portal, enter your account password to login
==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2f4b809434719e28fd359695264cf884.png)


- Step 2. Enter iService member center

    click the upper right corner 「**Username**」, continue by click 「**Account & Project**」，to enter member center.
    
    ![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_935daeeeb63f6f79e5428ab924c15611.png)

### Method 2：

Directly sign in via [iService](https://iservice.nchc.org.tw/nchc_service/index.php?lang_type=) to enter member center.

</details>

<!-- Space -->

<div style="height:8px"></div>

<!-- 2. start -->

<details class="docspoiler">

<summary><b>TWS user</b></summary>

<br>

Enter TWS，click 「**Member Center**」、enter passcode, you can view related information such as projects and accouting.
==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_300f633fda231c709a7d78b299ea53ce.png)

or after your login, click「**Username**」or「**Member Center**」to enter member center.
==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_25d8669308923bf8bcfcb343307b5baf.png)



<br>
