Account & Project/1. User guides/4. 重置使用者網站密碼.md, before:

---
title: 重置使用者網站密碼 | en
tags: Guide, Service, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

<style>
.fa-bullhorn{
font-size: 25px
}
</style>

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

:::warning
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> If your [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) not applicable for the footage or process below, please refer to this <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> [<ins>link</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/doc-mber-pjct-blng-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twsdocs%2Fguide-service-signup-zh) for manual instructions.
:::

# Reset portal password
The system does not record your portal password, so if you forget your login password, please reset it according to the procedure below and save the password properly.

### Step 1. Click【Sign in】button

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2005786ec2b27f9501a096de69232717.png)


### Step 2. Select【忘記密碼(Forgot password)】

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ee033ff34d31a8ca056c06822e2ffd64.png)


### Step 3. Enter the e-mail that used to sign up for member
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_3cff6c7564b60f6d11ca8eadb89e7996.png)



### Step 4. View and click【確定(Confirm)】

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_e89d85888ea34444e13556e79b95dbad.png)



### Step 5. 【會員忘記密碼驗證信(Member forgot password verification letter)】 notification letter
Please go to your mailbox to receive 【會員忘記密碼驗證信(Member forgot password verification letter)】 notification letter, and click the url given to reset password.
:::info
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_d8655b4f0c8a1b70ef6c9fea5a834e7d.png)
:::


### Step 6. Reset portal password
  
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_34ef1664b84a8182be9f3eda39a58ef5.png)

:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note:**
1. If you have successfully linked your Facebook/Google/EduRoam account to log in, you do not need to enter the member password, but you still need to change the password of the account you choose to bind regularly to ensure the security of your account.
2. The length of the  password must be at least 12 characters, and not too simple.
3. The  password can be the combination of 4 types mentioned below, such as numbers, english letters (upper and lower case are counted as 2 types), and special characters. Password must contain at least 3 types.
4. The maximum validity period of account password (member or supercomputer account) is 180 days.
5. When the password is about to expire (seven days before the expiration date, three days before the expiration date, and the same day), a password reminder notification will be sent, please take the time to sign in [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) in order to change your password.。
:::


### Step 7. Complete password reset
After the reset is completed, the [密碼變更成功(Password Change Successful)] window will pop up.

:::info
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2fdf8910f00f97f1008ab43e5faf6830.png)
:::

At the same time, the [會員密碼變更成功通知(Notification of Successful Member Password Change)] will be sent to the member mailbox.

:::info
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_75a388d812abe9a1977cc25a424926ab.png)
:::

Commit message:

Update 4. 重置使用者網站密碼.md
revising the part that need to be updated

Account & Project/1. User guides/4. 重置使用者網站密碼.md, after:

---
title: 重置使用者網站密碼 | en
tags: Guide, Service, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

<style>
.fa-bullhorn{
font-size: 25px
}
</style>

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

:::warning
==Need to update:exclamation:==
<i class="fa fa-bullhorn" aria-hidden="true"></i> If your [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) not applicable for the footage or process below, please refer to this <i class="fa fa-sign-out" aria-hidden="true"></i> [<ins>link</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/doc-mber-pjct-blng-main-zh/https%3A%2F%2Fman.twcc.ai%2F%40twsdocs%2Fguide-service-signup-zh) for manual instructions.
:::

# Reset portal password
The system does not record your portal password, so if you forget your login password, please reset it according to the procedure below and save the password properly.

### Step 1. Click【Sign in】button

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_853120d4e493cbf9a6ceef3b484ade81.png)

### Step 2. Select【忘記密碼(Forgot password)】

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2f196744fc65e9284e419c1874768b80.png)


### Step 3. Enter the e-mail that used to sign up for member
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_1f1bea7dce960651722bc7fa5c1f8035.png)


### Step 4. View and click【確定(Confirm)】
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_7c4240dcc2e43fde17a16e4d275cd8b7.png)

### Step 5. 【會員忘記密碼驗證信(Member forgot password verification letter)】 notification letter
Please go to your mailbox to receive 【會員忘記密碼驗證信(Member forgot password verification letter)】 notification letter, and click the url given to reset password.
:::info
==Need to update:exclamation:==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_d8655b4f0c8a1b70ef6c9fea5a834e7d.png)
:::


### Step 6. Reset portal password
==Need to update:exclamation:==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_34ef1664b84a8182be9f3eda39a58ef5.png)

:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note:**
1. If you have successfully linked your Facebook/Google/EduRoam account to log in, you do not need to enter the member password, but you still need to change the password of the account you choose to bind regularly to ensure the security of your account.
2. The length of the  password must be at least 12 characters, and not too simple.
3. The  password can be the combination of 4 types mentioned below, such as numbers, english letters (upper and lower case are counted as 2 types), and special characters. Password must contain at least 3 types.
4. The maximum validity period of account password (member or supercomputer account) is 180 days.
5. When the password is about to expire (seven days before the expiration date, three days before the expiration date, and the same day), a password reminder notification will be sent, please take the time to sign in [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh) in order to change your password.。
:::


### Step 7. Complete password reset
After the reset is completed, the [密碼變更成功(Password Change Successful)] window will pop up.

:::info
==Need to update:exclamation:==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_2fdf8910f00f97f1008ab43e5faf6830.png)
:::

At the same time, the [會員密碼變更成功通知(Notification of Successful Member Password Change)] will be sent to the member mailbox.

:::info
==Need to update:exclamation:==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_75a388d812abe9a1977cc25a424926ab.png)
:::
