---
title: Queue 與計算資源使用說明 | en
tags: Guide, TWNIA2, TW
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# Instructions of Queue and Computing resources

Available Queue are showed below when submitting job through Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI):


| Queue name | Maximum execute time (hours) | High priority | Maximum submitted job per user | Applicable project       | Type of node     |
| ---------- | ------------------ | -------- | ---------------- | -------------- | ------------ |
| gp1d       | 24                 |          | 20               | Various projects       | GPU computing node |
| gp2d       | 48                 |          | 20               | Various projects       | GPU computing node |
| gp4d       | 96                 |          | 20               | Various projects       | GPU computing node |
| gtest      | 0.5                |          | 5                | Various projects       | GPU computing node |
| express    | 96                 | v        | 20               | Corporate and personal projects | GPU computing node |

:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note:**

- Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) are all in GPU computing node. Every single node contains 8 GPUs and 36 CPUs, and the model respectively as NVIDIA Tesla V100-SXM2-32GB and Intel(R) Xeon(R) Gold 6154 processor.
- Users can submit up to 20 computing jobs, and all computing jobs can uses up to 40 GPUs in total. Each Queue also has an upper limit for the maximum number of computing jobs submitted by each user.
- Every computing job needs to assign with at least 1 GPU and cannot exceed the ratio of 1 GPU: 4 CPU: 90 GB Memory.
- gtest is a queue for testing. At most 5 job are available to add to the gtest queue.
- **If user compute a GPU process more than 5 minutes in login node, the system will <ins>Automatically delete all the process from the users'</ins>**.
- **The process will be automatically deleted if the user's process using more than 400% CPU usage of the login node.**
- Queue and the quantity of node will be review and adjusted from time to time. 
- Admin will clean up login node and the /tmp directory in data transfer node irregularly to maintain the operation of the system. Please avoid from storing important data in /tmp directory.
- Please contact to customer services, if have needs to extend a single job's walltime.
:::
