HFS/2. FAQs/1. 高速檔案系統 (HFS).md, before:

---
title : FAQ-HFS | en
tags: FAQ, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

# TWCC FAQs | Hyper File System (HFS)

:::spoiler Q1. Hyper File System storage is full, and some data is deleted, why the storage still remains the same?

:::info
- In the container or Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) environment, execute the following command to view which files occupy the storage:
    ```
    $ du –sh Folder name
    ```
 
- The temporary files generated during the computing process may also be the cause of your full storage. Temporary files will be stored in the following two hidden directories:
    - /home/supercomputer account/.cache/ 
    - /home/supercomputer account/.local/ 
  
    You can switch to the above two directories and execute the following command to view the files in the directory: 
    ```
    $ ls -la
    ```  
:::

:::spoiler Q2. Why can't I login using SFTP protocol to connect to the data transfer node (xdata1.twcc.ai)?

:::info
Please make sure that your login credentials use the SSH private key, not your supercomputer password. If you confirm that the login credentials are correct but you still have problems logging in, please contact customer service.
:::

:::spoiler Q3. How to upload files to high-speed storage service?

:::info

Please obtain the key through the container environment, and then using the SFTP software (example: FileZilla) to connect to the data transfer node (xdata1.twcc.ai), please refer to [<ins>this document</ins>](https://www.twcc.ai/doc?page=hfs).

:::

:::spoiler Q4. How to purchase additional Hyper File System storage space?

:::info
Please refer to the paragraph **View Details** and **HFS Storage Management Policy** in [<ins>this document</ins>](https://www.twcc.ai/doc?page=hfs), you can know the price and the method to purchase more stroage space.
:::

:::spoiler Q5. What is the IP location of the Hyper File System?

:::info
203.145.219.101

:::

:::spoiler Q6. The Hyper File System page shows that storage is almost full. How do I know which files occupy the storage space?

:::info
- In the container or Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) environment, execute the following command to view which files occupy the storage:
    ```
    $ du –sh Folder name
    ```
 
- he temporary files generated during the computing process may also be the cause of your full storage. Temporary files will be stored in the following two hidden directories:
    - /home/supercomputer account/.cache/ 
    - /home/supercomputer account/.local/ 
  
    You can switch to the above two directories and execute the following command to view the files in the directory: 
    ```
    $ ls -la
    ```  
:::

:::spoiler Q7. How long does it take for the additional purchase of the Hyper File System to take effect?

:::info
- After finished purchased additional storage space in  [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh), wait for 15 minutes before you can use it.
:::

Commit message:

Update 1. 高速檔案系統 (HFS).md
Finished Revised

HFS/2. FAQs/1. 高速檔案系統 (HFS).md, after:

---
title : FAQ-HFS | en
tags: FAQ, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}

# TWCC FAQs | Hyper File System (HFS)

:::spoiler Q1. Hyper File System storage is full, and some data is deleted, why the storage still remains the same?

:::info
- In the container or Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) environment, execute the following command to view which files occupy the storage:
    ```
    $ du –sh Folder name
    ```
 
- The temporary files generated during the computing process may also be the cause of your full storage. Temporary files will be stored in the following two hidden directories:
    - /home/supercomputer account/.cache/ 
    - /home/supercomputer account/.local/ 
  
    You can switch to the above two directories and execute the following command to view the files in the directory: 
    ```
    $ ls -la
    ```  
:::

:::spoiler Q2. Why can't I log into the data transfer node (xdata1.twcc.ai) with SFTP protocol?

:::info
Please make sure that you use the SSH private key as the login credential, not your supercomputer password. If you confirm that the login credentials are correct but you still have problems logging in, please contact Customer Service.
:::

:::spoiler Q3. How to upload files to HFS?

:::info

Please refer to[<ins>this document</ins>](https://www.twcc.ai/doc?page=hfs) to obtain the key through the container environment, and then use the SFTP client (e.g., FileZilla) to connect to the data transfer node (xdata1.twcc.ai).

:::

:::spoiler Q4. How to purchase additional Hyper File System storage space?

:::info
For the price and purchasing method, please refer to the paragraph **View Details** and **HFS Storage Management Policy** in [<ins>this document</ins>](https://www.twcc.ai/doc?page=hfs).
:::

:::spoiler Q5. What is the IP location of the Hyper File System?

:::info
203.145.219.101

:::

:::spoiler Q6. The Hyper File System page shows that storage is almost full. How do I know which files occupy the storage space?

:::info
- In the container or Taiwania 2 (HPC CLI) environment, execute the following command to view which files occupy the storage:
    ```
    $ du –sh Folder name
    ```
 
- he temporary files generated during the computing process may also be the cause of your full storage. Temporary files will be stored in the following two hidden directories:
    - /home/supercomputer account/.cache/ 
    - /home/supercomputer account/.local/ 
  
    You can switch to the above two directories and execute the following command to view the files in the directory: 
    ```
    $ ls -la
    ```  
:::

:::spoiler Q7. How long does it take for the additional purchase of the Hyper File System to take effect?

:::info
- After purchasing additional storage space in  [<ins>Member Center <i class="fa fa-question-circle fa-question-circle-for-service" aria-hidden="true"></i></ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twsdocs/howto-service-access-service-zh), wait for 15 minutes before you can use it.
:::
