VCS/3. Tutorials/1. 建立預設虛擬網路.md, before:

---
title: HowTo：建立預設虛擬網路 | en
tags: HowTo, VNW, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# HowTo：建立預設虛擬網路

首次使用 TWCC 所提供的虛擬運算服務，必須先在虛擬網路服務先建立**預設虛擬網路 (Default network)**，才可以開始使用虛擬運算服務，後續若有使用其它網段的需求，可再參考[此文件](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-vcs-vnw-zh)自行建立其它虛擬網路。

### Step 1. 進入虛擬網路服務

* 登入 TWCC 頁面後，於服務列表選取「**虛擬網路**」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_c1d8215bd467a359eba7ec079cf76781.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_af9a7dee572b42aa41038508efca2427.png) -->



### Step 2. 建立預設虛擬網路

- 點選「**+建立**」

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ecb79a409b55ab29b5a644cc123cc6cd.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_a3257d06f71ce4ea02c420e4158a954e.png) -->


- 檢視視窗內容，並點選「**確認**」開始建立預設虛擬網路 (預計花費 1~ 2分鐘)。

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_8e36b235abbda395a4052b283f5d75a5.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_797125916680b1a4e87e072805d017ba.png) -->



- 回到虛擬網路管理頁面，當狀態由 **`BUILD`** 轉為  **`ACTIVE`**，即可開始使用 TWCC 虛擬運算服務，建立您的虛擬運算個體。

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_70bf429490efc66ac29e357ee7770bca.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_4eb711285439bcd8393c8304f1141ba8.png) -->



:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **附註：** 更多虛擬運算服務資訊，請參考[<ins>TWCC 虛擬運算服務操作手冊</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-vcs-main-zh)。
:::

Commit message:

2 figures need to be updated

VCS/3. Tutorials/1. 建立預設虛擬網路.md, after:

---
title: HowTo：建立預設虛擬網路 | en
tags: HowTo, VNW, EN
GA: UA-155999456-1
---

{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/default %}
{%hackmd @docsharedstyle/twccheader-en %}

# HowTo: Create a default network

When using TWCC Virtual Compute Service (VCS) for the first time, you must create a **default network** in Virtual Network service before starting to use VCS. If you need to use other network segments in the future , see [this document](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/guide-vcs-vnw-en) to create other virtual network by yourself.

### Step 1. Enter Virtual Network

* After signing in to TWCC, click **Virtual Network** in the service list.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_02ae9518b75c9b55b5242858d612214c.png)


<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_af9a7dee572b42aa41038508efca2427.png) -->



### Step 2. Create default network

- Click **+CREATE**

==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_ecb79a409b55ab29b5a644cc123cc6cd.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_a3257d06f71ce4ea02c420e4158a954e.png) -->


- Read the contents and click **CONFIRM** to start creating the default network (It will take 1~2 minutes).

==**Need to update:exclamation:**==
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_8e36b235abbda395a4052b283f5d75a5.png)

<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_797125916680b1a4e87e072805d017ba.png) -->



- Back to **Virtual Network Management** page, when the network enters in **`ACTIVE`** state from **`BUILD`** state, you can start to use TWCC VCS to create VCS instances.

![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_3e8d949c03418d454c37fc35a73432a4.png)



<!-- 
EN PIC
![](https://cos.twcc.ai/SYS-MANUAL/uploads/upload_4eb711285439bcd8393c8304f1141ba8.png) -->



:::info
<i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-20" aria-hidden="true"></i> **Note:** For more information about virtual compute service, see [<ins>TWCC Virtual Compute Service Operation Manual</ins>](https://man.twcc.ai/@twccdocs/doc-vcs-main-en).
:::
